focus SDK install page (#7131)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/getting-started/installation.rst

1. Install the dependencies
***************************

The SDK currently runs on Windows, macOS and Linux.

You need to install:

1. `Visual Studio Code <https://code.visualstudio.com/download>`_.

> 2. JDK 8 or greater. Any JDK will do, but if you don't have a preference, here is a link to `AdoptOpenJDK <https://adoptopenjdk.net>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. JDK 8 or greater. If you don’t already have a JDK installed, try `AdoptOpenJDK <https://adoptopenjdk.net>`_.
```
Users that care or know the difference between various JDKs, will install their favorite JDK anyway and for users that don’t I think pointing them at something very directly is helpful.

Author: 👍

   As part of the installation process you might need to set up the ``JAVA_HOME`` variable. You can find here the instructions on how to do it on :doc:`Windows,macOS, and Linux <path-variables>`.

2. Install the SDK
*******************

Windows 10
==========

> Download and run the installer_.

Reviewer: Worth pointing out that this adds `daml` to PATH automatically just to avoid people getting confused by the following sections for mac and linux?

Author: I don't think most Windows users worry about their PATH, nor read the install instructions for Linux/macOS. But I may be wrong; I'll add a sentence to that effect.

Reviewer: We did have a user on the forum that asked exactly about this. That said, this was before we reordered the sections so not sure if this is still an issue.

1. Install the dependencies
***************************

The SDK currently runs on Windows, macOS and Linux.

You need to install:

1. `Visual Studio Code <https://code.visualstudio.com/download>`_.
2. JDK 8 or greater. Any JDK will do, but if you don't have a preference, here is a link to `AdoptOpenJDK <https://adoptopenjdk.net>`_.

   As part of the installation process you might need to set up the ``JAVA_HOME`` variable. You can find here the instructions on how to do it on :doc:`Windows,macOS, and Linux <path-variables>`.

2. Install the SDK
*******************

Windows 10
==========

Download and run the installer_.

Mac and Linux
=============

To install the SDK on Mac or Linux:

> 1. In a terminal, run::

Reviewer 2: the `::` initiated code-blocks use python highlighting by default. Please use the `.. code-block` directive.

Author: Done. This now looks like:
<img width="368" alt="Screenshot 2020-08-14 at 16 53" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45561385/90262564-c01a8400-de4e-11ea-9faa-5ebc7618d15a.png">
You can see this colors the pipe instead of the colon as [the current docs site does](https://docs.daml.com/1.4.0/getting-started/installation.html).

Alternative: manual download
****************************

> If you're extra careful about security, you can look at :doc:`our detailed instructions for manual download and installation <manual-download>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to verify the SDK download for security purposes before installing, you can look at :doc:`our detailed instructions for manual download and installation <manual-download>`.
```
Might just be me but it sounded a bit too casual for my tastes.

Author: You're right. I was trying to not give the impression that the above was insecure. Though I guess it somewhat is. 🤷
